docs: alert migration tool draft (#103752)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/alerting/alerting-rules/alerting-migration/_index.md

- All rules are given `rule_query_offset` offset value of 1m.
- The `missing_series_evals_to_resolve` is set to 1 for the new rules.
- The newly created rules are given unique UIDs.

## Import alert rules

To convert data source-managed alert rules to Grafana managed alerts:

1. Go to **Alerting > Alert rules**.

1. Navigate to the Data source-managed alert rules section and click **Import to Grafana-managed rules**.

   The import alert rules page opens.

1. In the Data source dropdown, select the Loki or Prometheus data source of the alert rules.

1. In Additional settings, select a target folder or designate a new folder to import the rules into.

   If you import the rules into an existing folder, don't chose a folder with existing alert rules, as they could get overwritten.

1. Select a target Namespace and Group.

1. (Optional) Turn on Pause imported alerting rules.

   Pausing stops alert rule evaluation and doesn’t create any alert instances for the newly created Grafana-managed alert rules.

1. (Optional) Turn on Pause imported recording rules.

   Pausing stops alert rule evaluation behavior for the newly created Grafana-managed alert rules.

> 1. Select which target data source the new recording rule is saved to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select target data source as the Prometheus data source to store the imported recording rules in
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe `Select which target data source the new recording rule writes to`? Since it's stored in Grafana DB and queries the original datasource from which it was imported, but writes to the target datasource.

When data source-managed alert rules are converted to Grafana-managed alert rules, the following are applied to the Grafana-managed alert rules:

- All rules are given `rule_query_offset` offset value of 1m.
- The `missing_series_evals_to_resolve` is set to 1 for the new rules.
- The newly created rules are given unique UIDs.

{{< admonition type="note" >}}
Plugin rules that have the label `__grafana_origin` are not included on alert rule imports.
{{< /admonition >}}

## Import alert rules

To convert data source-managed alert rules to Grafana managed alerts:

1. Go to **Alerting > Alert rules**.

1. Navigate to the Data source-managed alert rules section and click **Import to Grafana-managed rules**.

   The import alert rules page opens.

1. In the Data source dropdown, select the Loki or Prometheus data source of the alert rules.

1. In Additional settings, select a target folder or designate a new folder to import the rules into.

   If you import the rules into an existing folder, don't chose a folder with existing alert rules, as they could get overwritten.

> 1. Select a destination Namespace and Group.

Reviewer: this is not the destination, these fields are also optional. They are used for filtering which datasource-managed rules will be imported.

> 1. Select a destination Namespace and Group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (Optional) Select a Namespace and/or a Group for filtering which rules will be imported.
```

1. (Optional) Turn on **Pause imported alerting rules**.

   Pausing stops alert rule evaluation and doesn’t create any alert instances for the newly created Grafana-managed alert rules.

1. (Optional) Turn on **Pause imported recording rules**.

   Pausing stops alert rule evaluation behavior for the newly created Grafana-managed alert rules.

1. Select which target data source the new recording rule is written to.

1. Click **Import**.

>    A preview shows the rules that will be imported. If your target folder contains folders with the same name of the imported folders, a warning displays to inform you. You can explore the warning to see a list of folders that might be overwritten.

Reviewer: 💯
